boards/esp32s3-usb-otg: enable SDMMC peripheral (#21471)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: boards/esp32s3-usb-otg/doc.txt

</center>
\n

> @note
> SPI_DEV(1) is only configured if the `sdcard_spi` module is explicitly used to
> access the SD card in SPI mode. Otherwise, the SDMMC host is configured and
> used by the `periph_sdmmc` module to access the SD card (default). That is,
> add module `sdcard_spi` to the make variable `USEMODULE` to use the SD Card
> in SPI mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@note
SPI_DEV(1) is only configured if the `sdcard_spi` module is explicitly added to the
`USEMODULE` in the application's Makefile to access the SD card in SPI mode.
By default, the SDMMC host is configured and used by the `periph_sdmmc`
module to access the SD card.
```

The last sentence is a bit redundant IMO.
